(A) - GAME (PRE-PLAY) ANALYSIS

	(1) Which platform (Windows, Linux, Mac) has the highest player base on average? Are there any platform-specific trends?
	Is there a relationship between platform support (e.g., Linux support) and player counts? Do games with broader platform support attract more players?
	barcharts: grouped by: Platform/Combination of platforms --- showing: mean rating, popularity
	barcharts: grouped by: Platform/Combination of platforms --- showing: mean price
	barcharts: grouped by: Platform/Combination of platforms --- showing: price*#ofOwners

	(2) Online/Offline option
	-- Review fields

	(3) Marketing:
	-- Scatterplots - #ofScreenshots vs. mean owners
	-- early release (yes/no) -- mean owners
	-- Pay/Subscribe/Free
	-- Demos


(B) - GAME (DURING PLAY) ANALYSIS

	(1) Genre
	(a) What are the genres or combination of genres that the studio should invest in?
	barcharts: grouped by: genre(or combinations) --- showing: mean rating, popularity

	(b) What are the genres or combination of genres with the highest profit potential?
	barcharts: grouped by: genre(or combinations) --- showing: price

	(c) barcharts: grouped by: genre(or combinations) --- showing: price*#ofOwners

	(d) What are the predictions for the next trends of genres or combinations of genres?
	Regression: -- Years vs. Genres - Count of Games

	(2) Single/Multi player (under genre) -- group by single vs. multi
	barchart - game type vs.. all the above
	
	(3) Language
	TBD -- pending datasets



(C) - PLAYER ANALYSIS

	(1) Number of steam players per countries
	Geomapping -- Country Vs. Number of subscribers to steam
	TBD -- pending dataset

	(2) Is there a seasonal pattern in game sales or player counts? Do certain genres perform better during specific seasons or holidays?
	Linechart - Months(and maybe years) vs. #ofOwners


(D) - GAME LIFESPAN ANALYSIS

	(1) Investigate the relationship between the age of a game and its current player base. Do older games still attract players, or is there a decline over time?
	Linechart - Release year Vs. #OfPlayers (divide by DLC)

	(2) Do players keep playing?
	Linechart: Release Date vs. Number of players / Number of Owners


